Account authentication: specialized auth procedure (#1480)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a new constructor for `TransactionExecutor` that accepts `ExecutionOptions` (#1502).
- [BREAKING] Introduce errors in `MockChain` API (#1508).
- [BREAKING] `TransactionAdviceInputs` cannot return `Err` anymore (#1517).
- Add `with_auth_component` to `AccountBuilder` (#1480).

> - [BREAKING] Refactor account authentication to require the `auth__*` procedure (#1480).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Refactor account authentication to require a procedure containing `auth__` in its name (#1480).
```

Nit
